Hi!

My name is Ataman Billor. I was born in Adana, Turkey and moved to Auburn, Alabama when I was 7 years old.

I like to go by my moniker, Ato (Otto). I speak Turkish, English, intermediate Spanish, and elementary French!

The motto is "Plus Ultra" and Stay Stoked

Plus Ultra - a latin proverb that essentially translates to continuously striving for excellence and improvement in yourself and your objectives

Stay Stoked - Something I say a lot... I just believe that life should be full of passion and an eagerness to learn and staying fired up about the future! I always try to Stay Stoked!



I like to do a lot of stuff:

I was ranked #1 (USTA) in the state of Alabama in tennis in 2013
Hitchhiked across Europe in 2016
Recognized in PhD Thesis of Dr. Gokhan Ozden while doing an undergraduate research fellowship at Auburn University
Gave a presentation about the Academy of Aerospace Quality Project to several NASA Quality Assurance Team members during a symposium
Rock climbed 3000ft to the summit of El Toro in Hidalgo, Nuevo Leon Mexico in 2018
Backpacked for 18 continuous days and ~ 400 miles via the Pinhoti Hiking Trail
Worked alongside award winning Chefs in elevated gastronomical environments
Worked as a Farm Hand in a regenerative agriculture project (Controlled Burns, Holistic Land Management, Forest Management, Constructed 3000 ft^2 Green House, catered VIP dinners, Milled lumber, processed and cared for Livestock, participated in Farmers markets, etc)
Traveled the USA servicing and maintaining Wind Turbines as a Wind Turbine Technician Contractor
Graduated with a degree in Mechanical Engineering from Auburn University in 2022
Rode my bicycle from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean in 2022 (~ 5 months, 10000 km)

( hopefully that didnt all sound too egotistical... just some insight on what I have been up to up until now :) )

AND NOW

I am learning how to program (I learned how to use MATLAB in uni, however, I am now interested in other programming languages)

up first, PYTHON

Thanks for checking me out!
